This is a head-gum original.
Break is that co-op, a root beer, a diacoc.
I'm spiraling.
Good for nothing type of Jeffrey.
I'm not doing well emotionally.
I'm kind of feeling lonely in New York.
That's...
Has to be the furthest from her.
Whoo!
Fucking cares cause we're gonna get the party started.
Nobody cares nobody.
This isn't your fucking vlog man.
Let's get the show started.
That was really me reaching out.
Absolutely not.
Don't do mustard in my hair.
I'm falling apart.
Here and there.
Don't know that one.
That was an original.
You'll play style.
Yeah.
Should we do a yogurt cast?
What are you saying?
Interesting.
We're gonna slay her to this.
Yeah.
Get to be back.
Let's...
Don't call it a prayer occasion.
Yeah.
Cause you never went...
You didn't go anywhere.
Up.
Go ball beside it.
My first true experience with that sound clip.
It's all the time.
The amount of times I've heard that thing.
That audio clip is like, you know that image that's...
It's of nothing but it's like, this is what stroke victims see or something like that.
And you're like, what?
Everything looks familiar but isn't anything?
That's the audio equivalent.
Sounds like a word I would know but it's not.
And every time you play it I think I'm gonna figure it out and I never do.
Yeah.
It's something you'd hear the paramedic saying as you're having a stroke.
Right, exactly.
And you're like...
Come on.
No, it really is an honor to have...
It's a honor really to have Monshi back on the show.
It's been too long and here we are.
You're on my day.
Namaste.
Wow.
How are you...
How are you feeling?
How are you doing?
What's new and rife?
I meant to say strife or life and ended up being rife.
Which means you're rife with Monshi right now.
Yeah, day and my life, day and the strife, if you will.
Not much, man.
I guess the only new thing going on with me is I'm taking computer science courses.
Which I never thought I'd be doing with my life.
Do you guys think that you can become a math person like late in life?
I don't know, man.
I really don't think so.
I think...
I think you can.
It's not like late in life, but my roommate was an English major and now does coding.
That's like her main job, so I feel like you can make a change.
Speaking as a math person that decided to not become a math person.
Interesting.
I wouldn't recommend it, but no feels feasible.
Can we make the discernment though?
Did you enjoy math or did you just happen to be good at it?
Because I feel like that's two different types of math people.
It was both until I got to college when I took college math classes that didn't involve numbers at all.
And then I was like, no, by this is excruciating.
And also, like, all my roommates were math majors that were good and really cared about it.
And I was like, bad and frustrated all the time and didn't want to do homework for seven hours a week.
Plus so.
When the letters get involved, it does get a little choppy.
Yeah, but I did yesterday.
I was writing a joke movie review and relearned set theory really quickly to try and make my review a proof.
Okay.
Okay, sir.
The math never really leaves the heart, doesn't it?
Never leaves you.
I am a nerd for shit.
So that's what's up with me.
Math 15.
Major killer sense when the conversation needs new direction.
You know, like, I think we'll just see this a cautionary tale.
It's for all, it's for the listener, but you're sort of the example of what not to do.
Does that make sense?
No.
Thank you.
Bonshi, how's that cock of yours?
How do you say I'm like, I should say it.
And maybe it's a tamer way of asking.
Are you seeing anyone?
So start with the tamer way of saying it.
Don't go extra.
It didn't pull back.
I, you know what?
I wanted to gauge the response because maybe maybe you guys would have loved the first way.
I said it.
I do made us all uncomfortable to see you put Ferris and sort of a checkmate position to have to do something.
Oh, with that question.
After you lambasted me, if we're talking about math, you decided to switch gears so drastically from bombasticly to drastically.
That was easier.
Sorry, that was easy.
No, but no, but actually has your, has your romance.
It's sector.
Let's call it.
Oh, God.
Well, he's taking computer science classes.
So I think that answers it.
It's quite as den answered.
Truly answered.
Well, it could be to get like a really high paying job.
So that you can kind of get the woman in your dreams.
Is that really what it's for?
You think the woman of Ferris and dreams would only be with him if you had a programming job?
That's just something like that's not really a one-day trip.
What's a ring in it?
It's a challenge.
Let's bring it in.
We've all had our fun, rising Jeff, but let's all get on the same posh.
I don't know what to tell you, man.
Um, I don't like dating apps.
I gotta say.
And everyone feels like,
I'm on none of them, man.
I'm on the same.
It doesn't like it.
Yeah.
But it feels like that's,
I don't know.
Maybe that's part of the problem is that everyone is on them.
So it's just everyone's on them.
But then that's why it's tough for everyone to get dates.
I don't know.
I haven't even done it in a while.
It's just.
It's just dating time for people that don't like dating apps.
You guys made a dating app though.
Yeah.
I would try.
Try a lion out for a spin.
Try a lion.
I think you'll like the results.
Jeff, have you been spoken about your recent
Raya membership?
Oh my god.
You know, you guys don't want to hear me talk about this.
Can you invite me to Raya?
I can't.
Can I get an invite?
I fear that you'll get it sooner than I did.
It just took me two years.
And then like.
It'll be made up of you two year.
You applied once and then two years later,
they said you're in.
Or you kept applying every month for 25 months.
Either way, you're a fucking loser.
So don't like Jeff.
Figure out which one is the right answer.
Did you apply once?
It's like 20 times.
Worst face.
You're anemic to hear that even.
Asked of you.
Spading fast.
You look so pale.
Where are you losing blood?
Just sitting down.
I've applied once.
I got friend passes from my friend Mariel.
And from my friend Melanie.
Race well.
She's been on the show.
And no avail.
And you know, that's sort of surprise.
Friend passes by the way.
Like we vouch for you.
And nearly 100% acceptance based on just those two things alone.
Let alone two people.
So you got those two things that they said.
No.
The tough thing.
It's like you get one.
You know, your chance of probably in the 80s.
You know, 80%.
You get two.
You should be on with that week.
Two hours.
That's what's hard in my life.
So, but you're on it.
So it's not hard.
And you could vouch for me, right?
Look how amazing this content is on my fucking Instagram.
Like, how did this not get me on?
Oh, yeah.
You're leaning over for a fart.
Is that on your profile?
Got him.
Dot AIFF.
That's what's here.
Let's hear it.
This is the worst.
Got it.
All right.
We haven't done this in a while, but it is time for Bond of the week.
My pick this week for the next James Bond is Leslie Phillips.
It's age 96.
Wait, nevermind.
I was thinking of Leslie Jordan.
The name's Bond.
Geriatric Bond.
They wouldn't say that, right?
Who is Leslie Phillips?
I don't know.
Let's be pitching like a super ballad in the world.
All this working British actor in the world.
Leslie Phillips, man.
Let's take it.
Doctor, who's style?
Let's go old as fuck to combat ages and let's say.
I assume Leslie was a woman.
And I was going to say that's an interesting, interesting idea.
Leslie's a man.
Bond.
The voice of the story.
He's an old guy.
Yeah, he's in Harry Potter.
No, it's cool for me.
And Renee.
My band of that shit.
Right?
I love that shit.
There's no way that didn't peek.
Screaming in the right.
I am last.
How does he let anyone know?
Let's have Bond.
She take the fucking floor then, all right?
I'm just trying to save her down.
Hold her down.
Nope.
I'm going to just keep talking.
And I'm choosing my bond of the week is Charlie Cox.
Daredevil himself.
British man.
What way more popular currently than Leslie Phillips will ever be.
Daredevil has been charting on Netflix for weeks.
I mean, you could have a look.
I can see that.
How about a Charlie day?
That's really fun.
That's fun.
He's a lovely Charlie Niji.
He's going to be in the Super Mario Brothers movie.
What?
He's the first brat.
Is Mario?
He seems like more of a Mario.
Like Luigi's kind of tall and slender.
Before the podcast fair is like so excitedly wide eye.
It was like, did you know that there was this Beatles documentary?
That came out like a month ago.
And you just don't know that with the Mario four months ago.
You got to get on dating apps, man.
This is all anyone's ever talking about.
I'm on a five month delay guys.
I'm serious.
It's really bad.
I'm sorry.
The person added context fair is that when that Mario movie was cast.
Kevin Porter, host of Go Mark guys and good Christian fun.
Started tweeting that he cast.
He was the casting director for it.
And everyone believed him.
And he got a ton of tweets about how bad it was.
He gathered a bunch of hate tweets.
Like he brought that apart.
That's really Kevin Porter does some fun stuff on the internet.
He's true.
He does some.
He's a funny guy.
He's good at stunt casting his life creating fun situations for him to get publicly lambasted for the low-slash cloud.
It's almost a performance art.
I'm jealous.
What would you do to get lambasted, I'm here?
Me?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm trying to like, you know, for me there is.
Sorry Jeff direct message me.
You suck.
It's a fine line because like I would love to get publicly shamed in a way.
But at the same time I don't want to take anybody else down with me.
Like I hate for that residual hate to land on.
Other headgummers and then suddenly you have to start making a statement and be like,
why are you friends with somebody that treated their support of X, Y or Z, you know?
Yeah.
Don't acknowledge this message.
It like covers the screen so I almost have to read it.
Yeah.
You got to assume at this point in your career anything you do is going to affect Jake and
anything Jake does will affect you.
Yes.
Right.
That's right.
The goal is to be the last person that has to distance themselves for the other.
Would you ever even if it ruined if it takes your career, would you have a
prank him by destroying his?
That would be kind of interesting.
Sort of like, you know, I'm taking you down with me style.
Yeah.
Flash mob in a way.
Be quite a turn.
Right.
Like a yield turn.
Yeah.
It's like a dodgy building isn't good, but then it's like at the very least I'm feeling something
new again.
Feeling something is the point.
Yes.
Exactly.
As we like enter years three of this pandemic, like even just the idea of being like
turned into an enemy amongst many people's eyes.
Like, oh, that's a new, exciting feeling that I can sort of try to navigate.
That would make this march feel a little bit different than the last two.
It's true.
At least you wake up with something to, you know, not know about what's today.
You're going to be like exactly.
Otherwise you're just waking up, you're like, oh, god.
What time is it?
How many hours until I can go back to sleep?
I still have a successful career with that guy.
I really like and I'm best friends with.
Exactly.
But at what cost?
Right.
They're just doing me a litany of text at this point.
There's a bump bump.
There's a gift of something.
It's a point when you bump something too much.
It's like you can't even go back to it.
Right.
It becomes the purpose.
Up to bump for something.
No.
My bond of the week.
Are we there yet?
I'd say go for it.
Because Jeff messed up perfect at it.
If you will.
I've been watching the Hulu show of the Pam and Tommy show, which is kind of a new step for me.
I'm usually not on top of the latest television shows and I'm definitely not watching them live.
But I was able to watch the first three episodes of this one as it came out.
So I feel like I'm on the cutting edge of something.
Just kind of neat.
And I was really impressed with it.
Yeah.
I'm really impressed with that guy who plays Tommy Lee.
I guess he's a famous guy.
Yeah.
He's still.
I still get.
One of my favorite actors actually.
Yeah.
He's great.
I'm excited to see more of him.
He's really good at Tommy Lee.
I don't know if you've seen that.
I haven't watched it yet.
I keep forgetting that.
I feel like it's a thing that I've been waiting for for so long and then it came out.
And I just forgot.
It was a thing.
Yeah.
There's literally just a lot of things.
What is that?
Yeah.
This is big time.
So you suck a big time.
I don't know if that is though.
Um, Sebastian Sims great.
So he might want.
If he could do that, he could do anything.
I think he could.
Are you talking?
Dude.
Jeff.
Call of us at this point.
It's a Kurt Angle reference.
And like.
You got it.
I hope that made people happy.
People were complaining that we haven't done a bond of the week in like a month.
So shout out.
It made me uncomfortable.
But yeah.
Sure.
Like on the spot.
I'm trying to put more effort into these episodes.
You know, not take the listenership for granted.
And part of that means having some talking points for the wax segment.
Not just having it be just nonsense, you know.
So I have a bill of point.
What?
Bless you.
Wow.
Ah, epic.
Let's take a break, actually.
You keep doing what I was saying.
Forget it.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
Ferris, should we do this thing?
Well, means.
Daddy, chill.
All right.
That last one was in the accident.
I'll round it out with.
Let's do one that we haven't done in a while.
Ah.
So concerned, all the wrinkles in your body are between your two eyebrows right now.
It's unbelievable to see it.
Thousands of wrinkles in one square inch, like God.
The rest of your body is probably literally skin tight as it furrows.
Feet and feet of excess skin right there in between your two eyebrows.
I mean, my God, look at you.
It's like gripping a partially deflated balloon, just.
Exactly.
Squeezing to the knot.
I think six months ago,
Ferris, why don't you kind of intro this?
So I did mention I'm on a five month delay.
About five months ago, I said I would do this.
USS our National Anthem cover.
And I chose an insane time of my life to commit to something like that.
But y'all kept me going.
And I chipped away at it little by little.
And it's been an absolute blast.
And by the time you're hearing this,
you should be out on all platforms, accept apparently iTunes.
Because when I selected language, I selected Russian.
And it said sorry apple and iTunes are not currently accepting
Russian language.
So maybe try Spotify.
But also that has its own issues.
Not accepting the Russian link.
I mean, look at that.
We're already international fairs is ruining the art.
All right.
So this is a cheese or I believe Ferris.
Yeah, it's a little minute or so.
All right.
Flip of what's to come.
You're cover of the USS our National Anthem.
Here we go.
Oh, you shit.
Oh, shit.
Laughing in the record.
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
Wow, did you learn Russian for me?
I definitely learned the words to the anthem, yeah.
Wow, that was easy.
No, no.
No way more work than I expected.
That was incredible.
Yeah, that was crazy.
Thank you.
That's easy.
It seems like a real song, like a real, a song you hear in an elevator in Moscow or some shit.
I appreciate that.
I could only dream of being in an elevator in Moscow someday.
How many hours do you think?
How many hours do you think went into that altogether?
Oh my god.
I mean, just last week I spent four hours recording vocals because I really, really, really needed to have a 24-man choir.
You'll have to listen to the rest of the track to hear that part.
And that's all you, man.
Like, yeah, just me.
It's just me like yelling in my room 24 times in a row.
My god.
I did this weird saxophon stuff.
You'll just have to hear it.
But can people find that under your personal Spotify?
Is it fair to punchy?
Just my full name.
Yep.
Hell yeah.
And a good plug for your music, which is also pretty fire.
I appreciate that.
Appreciate that.
As a side note, I don't think I will be ever going to Moscow.
I think I may get in some...
That was it.
Hot water with this.
I don't know.
It's an upgrading their national anthem.
There's a...
There's a secret message in the song too.
Oh my god.
You can hear it during the saxolo.
It's more of a cry for help than anything else.
But keep it, keep an ear out for it.
Do we have to know Russian to hear what it is?
No, that's actually in full English.
Okay.
If you can full English breakfast.
We'll put the link in the description.
Absolutely.
We will appreciate that.
Unacceptable work, Ferris.
Thank you, guys.
I really...
It wouldn't exist without that show.
I mean, this show is the kind of creative impetus for a lot of this weird shit I do.
It is cool that somebody is working hard on the show.
Yeah.
It's nice to see that.
I mean, definitely fair.
It's a fun crazy thing.
Sorry, I had to get everybody to shut the fuck up for a second.
So I could say, welcome to...
I worked really hard on it too also.
Yeah.
A bunch of people do.
Go for it.
Truck at the...
Let me guess.
We have to hear a noise of a thing.
See there.
Truck or somebody's saying truck it or fuck it.
Yeah, absolutely like that.
Do you guys want to take like a 20 minute break?
So then I could also be told this.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
It's still late.
That's that Monchi shit.
Because he's the only one who hears it as much as I do.
Yeah.
I think you would stand for it.
You know, let's get fucking serious here for truck it.
The New York Times recently we're going to story about how America is low on truckers.
Due to the stress, physical deprivation and loneliness that comes with the job.
We're seeing...
Thank you, Ferris.
We're seeing high driver turnover at rates of above 90% thank you, Marguer,
for actually listening and appreciate it.
I do the same fucking thing.
Stop.
You got mad at me.
Or he wasn't active listening.
She was laughing at you.
I was actually inquiring to hear more.
But yeah.
Neither here nor there, I guess.
Not enough truckers.
Yeah.
In America.
Very sad.
Very good.
Thank you so much for paying attention.
Ferris same thing.
Can I speak a mirror?
I guess I mean, four.
Four.
Man.
The sooner we finish, the sooner we can get the fuck out of here.
We're seeing high driver turnover at rates above 90%.
Okay.
Thank you.
Who gives...
Are you kidding?
Now I have to start that sentence over.
Why?
I finished it.
You finished it.
We are seeing rates above 90% of driver turnover for trucks.
Okay.
Where's sentence?
This is all supply chain.
There's not lack of interest.
There's just a lack of good jobs.
Are you reading a fucking essay?
What are you doing?
There's no way that this is a very good, not a mistake.
That's a supply chain.
So much.
Scrolls three paragraphs down.
Yeah.
And it's not because there is.
A lack of job.
It's...
I have to quit access.
So I have an ad.
Actually, hold on.
No.
There's low pay.
There's lack of respect.
There's poor working conditions.
There's the harsh demands.
Physically of the job.
And that's not going to get truckers on the road.
So I thought what we could do, Ferris and Maria could thank you so much for...
To get truckers back on the road is kind of pitch some ideas to, you know,
shipping companies really of how to get interest back.
How to make the jobs good to have.
Is that cool?
And...
What happened?
Where are you on a fucking drone?
I touched nothing.
And that's fucking going haywire on my ass.
What the fuck was that?
All right.
Where are you?
I'm in an apartment.
The usual spot that you've been in.
I had to move.
Why?
There he goes.
It was always the plan to move.
I don't know why you're reacting this way.
The plan was to move.
Yeah, for February, for these last couple weeks.
Not the fucking point.
Thank you so much, Maria, and Ferris, for your...
Civility.
I'm here.
There's room to grow in that regard.
Let's talk about...
How do we get truckers back on the road?
I'd love an example.
All right.
You're thinking about it.
Yeah.
So I was thinking we could make the trucks awesome, right?
So maybe like imagine a fucking big rig with a jacuz.
How sick is that?
Can the driver use it?
Yeah, because here's the thing.
There's actually limits on how many hours truckers can drive to limit, you know, injuries, accidents, etc.
So they can't drive more than I think it's 10 hours.
It might be 11 per day.
So what do you do with, you know, the downtime before you go to sleep?
Soak.
Yeah.
I feel like you would take up a lot of space in the cargo area.
Water's really heavy.
So that's not going to consider to your carrying on, like, sloshing water.
That could actually affect the truck's movement.
It could suit you.
It could cause an accident.
What's your next idea?
Seven figure salaries.
Can't afford that.
Who would drive for a millie?
Right.
A millie?
Yeah.
You know, no truckers.
I would truck for a million.
Yep.
Just for a year.
Yeah.
I think maybe, like, safer rest stop locations.
Free hotels.
Oh, that's what I'm going to do.
Like, more hotels along highways that maybe have fewer stops.
I like that.
I think, like, you know, but I'm assuming it's still the case that fewer female drivers exist.
True.
Correct.
Because of safety.
That's correct.
But I'm wondering maybe if maybe either in addition to our ideally instead of that celebrity visits.
So you know how like celebrities will go to like, you know, visit sailors in the army.
The Murray.
Yeah.
Mark Ronson could meet a bunch of-
Oh.
Oh, there's punching Jeff.
Where the screen.
Well, those of you listening at home.
What if Mark Ronson could eat a bunch of truckers?
Why, Mark Ronson?
You're not going to get fucking Madonna.
You're not going to get Harry Styles out there.
You should get Harry Styles out there.
That should be the goal.
I think you could get a Mark Ronson.
They're not in the air.
Uh, that sounds like fun.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You think truck drivers care about a music producer visiting them?
Fine.
Forget that one.
What do you guys have?
How do we get trucked?
Where we can list it off.
Sort of off the top of our head.
Five awesome ideas.
Yeah.
And actually pretty knowledgeable about the trucker industry.
Surprisingly.
Really?
Oh.
I didn't clear that.
I said it was like a said.
He said.
Open water and a truck.
What if we could reroute the trucks to awesome cities?
So instead of like West Texas border towns.
Like, you know, the driver would be in Miami.
Where?
I'm sorry.
Miami.
Have you ever been to Miami?
Once, yeah.
That was it.
It's stuck.
I hated it.
But that's true.
I don't like Mark Ronson either.
But we're talking about truckers.
Not me.
They don't like it.
They wouldn't like it.
How about some augmented reality?
So the truckers can still truck to where they're actually supposed to go.
Yeah.
It can look like Miyami.
That's really good.
Now we're thinking, what if instead of augmented reality, though, it's augmented reality.
So it's basically like it's AR, but they're just driving through Ogden, Utah.
The entire time.
Mmm.
That's really good.
All right.
I mean, my last idea.
Do you guys even want to hear it at this point?
Sure.
It's really good.
Yeah.
What about?
You know, like, do you guys have Chase?
Do you guys make with Chase?
I do.
You know how like, or no, I just have a credit card with them.
Yeah.
Do you have the Sapphire?
Does that change things?
Yeah, the Sapphire.
You know how about getting to certain lounges.
Because you have the Chase Sapphire card.
Do you guys have the Chase?
I have the Chase freedom.
So I wonder if that.
The freedom I'm talking about.
That might not get you into Sapphire lounges.
But let's just say that you get certain VIP access with certain
credit cards.
I want to get a 1% cashback.
So I'm not sure.
I've got it.
Maybe it makes sense.
Yeah, you got to get the Sapphire.
I don't have the checking and savings that you're asking us if we have.
And I don't either.
But you can get, you know, three points on dining or travel with the truck.
You know, it's not going to get truckers back on the road.
This horse shit that just happened for the last 20 seconds.
Or you guys are waxing about credit card rewards.
So you started there.
I just want to make sure we're on the way.
We're on the way.
We're pointing out the lounges.
Locers only VIP access.
Where?
Motor Coach Ella.
So that would be a whole artist that's saying about highways,
rascal flats, AC DC, et cetera.
Life is a hyuait that I learned about the rascal flats was a cover corresponded
to that.
I didn't know hated when I learned that.
The truck dance film festival.
It's all movies about trucks like dual份,
Why is this good, why, like, we're trying to get them jobs and you just want them to have
reward, why did you sign up for the chase afire card? Because of the rewards. I see.
You're not just going to sign up for a credit card that has no rewards. I'm not going to get a job
choose to go into a fucking field that's dangerous, depriving. Why can't they just go to regular Coachella?
Why does that have to be a trucker specific event?
So you're saying like a, like a trucker's VIP lounge at an already existing event?
Yeah, right, because then it's not VIP if everyone at the event is the same status.
You make me a bad guess, which I've never said about any host work. You're more bad than I can
possibly add to the show. You come in here with a negative attitude and it just sort of
you spend an hour poisoning us. And then you leave another guy. I do so much work to like actually
make sense of what you say on an any day basis. You feel great. It makes me feel crazy and
you're going to somehow get those easily the benefit of doubt,
right, which I can't, I have to imagine is exhausting. It's hard. I leave with fatigue.
You tire me because you are a tire. T-Y-R-E. The truck B-A finals. What's that? It's an all-trucker
basketball championship. What about the traskers? The traskers. We can't play this music over with
that was gold, man. Again, Marika. The traskers. No, the buzzer. I don't see how that's
ever than the truck dance film festival. Let's hear it. You want me to say why it's better?
It's self-evident. Forget it. The traskers.
I don't like seeing your garage band open. Do you guys remember? Do you guys know
wordle? Of course. We all all know. Got a two today. Wow. You got a two. Got a two.
You got a two on wordle, right? Got a two on wordle, right? Got a two on wordle today.
Well, this is blurred. So for the listener's Jeff has his screen up to a custom wordle
and it's just covered the block part with a preview window of a gray square.
Oh, really? Hi, Lordle. You guys want to play? Sure. Yes. Sure. Nice. I have three
combinations of this. So let's start with Marika. This is your, this is your blurredle. So basically it's
wordle, but you cannot see what you're guessing or even what you're typing. Can you see the results?
Right, not. Okay. So you just have five random guesses to get a word. Yeah. And then after you
guess all six, then you get to see if you got anything correct. All right. I'm going to go first word.
Great. Fuck. What was your first word today when you got to? It was black.
Um, uh, sort of interesting because I can't type on here. Yeah, you can't do without us seeing it.
Okay. What do you guys do? What you could do is just a shutter screen. Yeah. Exactly.
All right. So you shared your screen and that sort of defeated the purpose of the game.
And you had to create a second layer on top of the shared screen. All right. Here we go. Great.
If you just didn't do anything, it's your EAT or GRAT.
GRAT. All right. But now the problem is that I, well, I guess I can just guess whatever
word that I want, but it's hard for me to keep track of what I've already guessed. Do you want any hints?
What? Oh, it doesn't have to feed the entire purpose of this game. The goal is to get the word
but I can't write. I can't write. What words or letters are correct. So why is hard? Are you going to give me that was a good guess.
That's all I was going to say was the hint was great was a good guess. Okay.
I'm going to go with. Oh, boy. Um, that actually works. Oh boy. Um,
Master. Tread. TREAD. Interesting. All right. Um,
going to go. Great. GRIP. The great. Okay. Interesting. This is crazy.
I'm going to go grips. GRPS. I'll take it home with a grits. GRAT. T. S. You have one more guess.
Do you want one more hint? Sure. In the last five, you have guessed all the correct letters.
In the right places, but not in the right word.
Not in the right word. I understand what he means. Like, that's exactly the board horizontally.
You have a green thing in all five things, but not all at once, obviously. Sure.
What? Just show the board. That would be nice. It's brutal. It's like a grand reveal at the
end where she could try to figure out what the word is. You might want to do your sixth answer.
Where are my words? Your words are great. Bread. Gripe. Grips. Grits. That's funny.
All right. Here's my question. Can can I take a second to think about this? Because this could
be this would be crazy. If I get this right. Yes. Yes. You can't. So can someone else do theirs?
Can we circle back to me? Yeah. All right. Here we go. Ferris, you're up. My man.
Those smallest token of esteem to hear you say that meant nothing. You're also going to regret
calling me that because I'm going to be an awful guest for this. I've never actually said.
So this is the board. This is the board. I kind of get. I have to find it. Yeah. I kind of get the
concept. I guess five letter words really. Yeah. Yeah. That's one way to do it. But yeah.
I noticed what based on what Marie could do, though, you kind of want some similarities in the
words. I don't know. We'll see. Only if you get letters right, which I cannot. Which we don't
know for me. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. All right. Five letter word. Solid. Solid.
Did. Let's say. I will your first hint there is that solid was anything, but
all of those were wrong. I didn't say. Oh, well. Yes. Oh, I see what you're saying. Maybe it's
maybe they were all right. Maybe they weren't. But let's try. Let's try water. I think I'm picking up
what you're putting down. Better. Okay. Let's say. Let's say waste. Let's do wacky. This is tough to see.
So it's going poorly. I'm using sort of the brownly method here from whatever I could pick
up from what she was doing. It's completely blind. That's nothing. There's no good or bad. That's why it's
hard. That's why it's hard. And it's also like to not be a real word, right? Like this is right. Jeff,
we're at the whim of the map. No, it's real words. That's the other fucking hint. You guys suck.
Ferris and Mariek are the only people giving me anything today. Let's try. Let's try. I'm doing pretty well.
Jeans. Yeah. I'm trying to get in your head space, man. Jeans. You have one more guest. You want to do the
Mariek style or give it some thought? I would say that mean. You haven't told him anything.
Yeah, of course I have nothing to go off of, right? Then let's not do it the Mariek style. Because
Mariek is fucking close. It'll be only I only know where one letter for Ferris. That's the
promise. You're nowhere close to it. So you might as well guess one more time. I just I might as well go
fully random. No way. He gets it. This is crazy. He's going to say it. I'm sending it to him.
You're basically like saying I'm thinking of a number between one and five thousand.
All right. Bumps was the closest you had. It was B and you. It was burnt.
Oh. Nice. That went pretty bad. Yep. So yeah. I'm going to guess. Okay. Here it is. Are you sure you
want to guess right now? Do you want one final hint? Do you want one final one? Sure. And we'll
go to a mirror and then we'll go to you. Last hint is there is a double letter. All right.
Or rather there's a repeat letter in this word. Okay. All right. You're smart.
All right. Amir. Are you ready for a turtle? Sucky. Sorry. Give me one fucking second.
Because this weird thing happened where the custom word will recognize my IP address.
And this was the one that I tested it out on. So it says that you already got it right,
which is incorrect. So I need to think of right now a custom word here. Okay. Give me a second.
All right. I got it. All right. Now are you ready? Yeah. Let me just hang on.
This is this is your board and I give them all the same board you don't care. All right.
What's your first word? Sucky. Badly.
Toxic.
Mereka's by the way, Marieka's going to fucking get this just based on your facial. It's like you're
seriously figuring this thing out. You're going to get it. I feel like even if you know that once you
see this board you're going to be impressed with yourself. Amir keep it going. Come on.
Phone as in phone it in you don't do any work on this show.
I don't like that some of these are I feel like tires and a code message for you are
tired and we grow tired of your games, which is my last word games. I need one more how about loser.
And that's that, right? It was theirs. Nice.
Well, I think I made my message, right? Badly. I'd just say badly because this is how this
sequence going. Then toxic because I see you are. Phone because funny it in. Yep.
I already said that one. Tired because I look at the audience grows tired of you. Yeah.
Games seems positive to me. Games will find but ultimately you're a loser at games. Yeah.
And life in that games. Damn. That was ultimately a tough pill to swallow but I think I'm
going to go forth into the world and with this show week to week with that knowledge.
We love you for it, dude. Yeah.
Maria, are you ready for this final guess? I think you might get it.
Do you want your final hint? I don't even even you like for hints but I like this word could
have been definition wise. It could have been in one of them yours guesses.
Is it right?
What do you guys think based on Jeff's face when you said something? I got her.
Oh, that's true. Very nice. Wow. That's really close. This is like someone actually
playing. Yeah. Yeah. Because you could if you just knew that the E was in it, you know,
Jeff made the game a little better. Yeah, I was looking at all of the words or all of the words
like lined up and trying to I knew that the R had to be there because it was in every guess.
And then when he said there were two letters or repeat letter, I knew it could only be a T
repeating or an E repeating. All right. That's nice. It's kind of like a burners English sedoku.
Yeah. And I assumed it wouldn't be treat because I would have gotten that like it would have been like
tread was so close or whatever. He would have freaked the fuck out. Yeah. Yeah. And so guys is the actual
game of wordle more like mentally fulfilling satisfying than Blurdle? Yeah. Because he was like
actually this or something. Yeah, this would kind of made me feel bad while playing it in the worst
after. I feel good because I did get it right and like not about it a lot, but for you guys who didn't
really have hints. Yeah, I can I can see it when Maria had hints because you were already so close.
Yeah, I'd be able to have guessed it. Yeah. Was this meant to be kind of like an art piece like a
challenge Jeff? Like is that what you wanted to get across was pain for the user?
Is that's like a valid artistic decision, right in your in your game design. But so if it's that it was like a
cool art piece when you mentioned it. Yeah, I feel. Then yes, but we know you do. But I think that's kind of how
Jeff approaches a lot of things, right? Pain for the user is kind of his MO. This is true. This is true.
It worked. I mean you're just wrinkles are back so wrinkly so many. How how do you have
that many muscles in your. Yeah, like at most I can get one here. I can't.
In my house growing up, you had to get good at being angry. Jesus.
Sad beginning to a one-man show. I love to see Jeff's one-man show. Could you imagine that? I think this is it.
What about Carson? Like late or the tonight show starring Johnny Carson? But every time instead of the
him walking out to hear Johnny, it was him like kind of revealing a not even darker corner of his past.
There's a small town in Reno that I'm never allowed back in.
I owe Alemonie to two other women other than my wife and she doesn't know.
That's good.
For age nine to twelve, I lived under water.
Oh my god.
I don't know how I got these kurt.
Johnny Carson is a fish
for that.
Oh man, yeah, Ferris Monchi on Instagram and yeah, look up for the USSR cover, probably
everywhere you listen, but apparently maybe not Apple iTunes, but yeah, basically everywhere.
Check it out. It should be out by the time of by the time you're hearing this. Oh, yeah. Ferris Monchi across platforms.
America.
Follow me on Twitter, Instagram and letter box at Marie Gailon.
Some new had gun podcasts are coming out slash have already come out enemies. Please a trigger.
That's out early fun. Check it out. I think I think when this comes up at the very least,
the confronting demons trailer with Meg Stalker and her brother,
will be up. So, what, or listen to that? Yeah fun, fun stuff. She's funny, but
productivity has never been in her strong suit. I don't like speak to her character, right?
Just took a while to get the show off the ground as well. I don't know anything about the
production stuff. The show. Yeah. You never will be. She bodies me on the retreat again.
Yeah, I would love, I hope, but this one's Bob's Ask of all court.
Mira, what are you going on? Not much. The jam is back. I was on an episode and they let me punch
off the jam with them. I'm wrapping like a beastie boy in a parody of Brass Monkey.
Nice. I love that. That's awesome. Check it out. It's at the end of my episode.
That's a weird owl on an episode. Correct. And the complete guide to everything another
gun podcast they're on. Great show up back. deja vu by Olivia Rodrigo. Nice.
Um, we'll end it with a Super Bowl picks in two days from now. Who do we think one?
Who is playing? Maria without that knowledge. Sort of like blurred. Why don't you just guess a team?
A Seattle Seahawks. Interesting. Oh, I'm here.
Give me the bangles to not only cover, but upset the Los Angeles Rams.
Bangles 33. Rams 20. Throughout the Rams are Los Angeles now.
Ferris. Pitsburg Steelers, man.
I'll take uh, bangles in five. There's only one game. I didn't mean in a five game series.
What do you mean? Who's performing at the high. Doctor J, M&M, Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar.
Incredible. That's going to be interesting. I'll tune in the bat for sure.
Probably see some new movie trailers. That's fun.
Aced to do my taxes during the Super Bowl. That's my tradition. That's a fun tradition.
I'm actually going to keep behind that. Yeah. Recommend it.
Great. Faith. Jeff's face is a back. That's like me going to the DMV on Christmas.
Jeff, do you have anything to plug? He's drooling or crying or something. You're leaking, man,
and the show. He's bloodletting. He released the forehead muscles and all the fluid
juices. He's getting at coming out. He's getting at ketane. My plug is uh, fire plugs.
Oh, come on, man. Everyone knows. You can see it received.
That was a hit-dum original.